IBX-8916: Content update in User documentation - cd. (#314)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/translate_content.md

3\. Go to **Versions** tab and click the **Version compare** icon: ![Version Compare Icon](img/version_compare_icon.png){.inline-image}.

> 4\. In the **Comparing versions** screen, click the split view using the switcher in the top right corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4\. In the **Comparing versions** screen, locate the switcher in the top right corner, and click the split view:
```
